Use restrictions from metadata (#583)
giantswarm/app-operator: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Use validation logic from the app library.

> - Update appcatalogentry CRs if it contains restrictions on metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include restrictions data from app metadata files in appcatalogentry CRs.
```

What about this? 

I think it's important to mention we're fetching the app metadata files. Soon we'll include more types of data.
